Xiaonian, you should understand,
When the Holy Family brings you in, they treat you like a chicken.
Ten million is enough to fly like a chicken.
He is not sure about this.
Otherwise, I will have a small mouth again.
Xiaonian, my eldest brother is just a jobber,
As long as he is gone, I will be the only adult of the Holy Family,
That means, everything goes into your pocket.
Xiaonian, I know it’s me you like,
As long as my brother is gone, there will be no Zuo Ai between us.
what does she mean
She doesn't want me to help her kill Shengyu.
This plot direction
Juri is completely different
I just feel sorry for you
Sheng Yu is really a big enemy.
Sister Shengyu, I want to see it
What tricks are you playing?
let's go together
Brother is still here
It’s wrong to be afraid, right?
I just want to be you
What about Sister Shenbing?
Isn’t he your fiancée yet?
who is useful to me
Who can do it without leaving?
Half the words are clear